[Music]
twelve things about your appearance that
can make you unattractive even the most
stylish look can easily be ruined by
things that might seem small to you but
are in fact real game changers watch
this style guide to the end to avoid
some common mistakes so that you can
always look your best faded clothes the
little black dress is a wardrobe staple
that's because it can make even the most
average among us look so fierce but if
the fabric looks like it's been washed
dozens of times and its color is now far
from the perfect jet black it used to be
it'll make you look less then put
together this doesn't just apply to
black clothes but to any saturated
colors what to do
wash your brights and dark colors
separately of course in cold water and
don't tumble dry fibers break and colors
fade because of the friction going on in
the washer when the clothes rub against
each other to prevent this turn your
clothes inside out zip up the zippers
and fasten all the buttons before you
wash them to further preserve the color
you can add vinegar black coffee or tea
to the wash cycle clothes made from flax
or acetate are the most prone to fading
while wool and nylon keep their color
for longer white clothes that are no
longer perfectly white white much like
black can really give your look that wow
factor but only if it's perfectly white
yellow or gray tones in a once white
article of clothing will make you look
messy it's a little dirty probably the
most unrefined of all our sweat scenes
on white clothes you what to do take a
new white garment and compare it with
all the white clothes you have if you
see signs of yellowing simply add
hydrogen peroxide baking soda or lemon
juice when you wash your whites that
should brighten them right up and don't
let sweat stain set pour one tablespoon
of baking soda on the spot rub it with a
lemon half
let it soak for 15 minutes before
loading it into the washer you can also
try using pre-washed stain removers on
yellow pit stains before doing the
laundry but if the yellow has set in
firmly it's probably best just to get
rid of that clothing item sorry
sloppily rolled up sleeves sleeves that
are rolled up neatly makes your image
more useful and dynamic but sleeves
sloppily pushed up like an accordion
will turn you into the poor soul who's
never worn a button-up shirt in their
life how did do it right to look as
stylish as can be unfasten the buttons
on your sleeve straighten the material
out and roll the cuff of your arm making
1 to 2 careful turns for the entire
width of the cup if the fabric on the
inside of the cuff is different from the
outside you can try an italian sleeve
tuck to do that undo both cuff buttons
fold the sleeve up to about an inch
above your elbow and roll the remaining
material until about 1/3 of the cup is
visible bulging pockets tailors so suit
pockets closed for a reason they're not
intended to carry your whole life and
that includes your wallet phone chewing
gum and keys all these bulging items in
your pockets ruin the nice silhouette of
your outfit and that's definitely not a
good look but it's not just about suits
jeans and jackets instantly look cheaper
with stretched out pockets what to do
the solution is pretty obvious carry
your stuff in a bag don't worry fellas
the masculine varieties look great on
you and if you're a guy who simply can't
imagine toting around a bag get a
briefcase or just carry your belongings
in your hands not very convenient but if
you hate bags so much harem pants these
extremely baggy pants with tightly drawn
in ankles don't raise any questions when
they're worn as traditional clothing in
certain cultures or even by hip-hop
artists free spirits or around the house
on a lazy day in another case harem
pants just looked like a failed attempt
to appear young and trendy what to do if
you just can't give up wearing your
beautiful billowing bottoms then it
would be better to at least wear them
with sneakers or sandals as for the most
suitable top keep it simple a plain tee
will work but tanks are better since
they're more tight-fitting stretched out
knees some fabrics look great but can
easily get stretched out at the knee
every time you sit down
and the next thing you know your pants
look like you've been wearing them for
ages what to do to avoid this simply
pull your pants up at the knee of it
each time you sit down but you better
make sure you're wearing matching socks
before you do that would be so
embarrassing and to make sure your socks
match not only each other but your
outfit as well
dark or muted tones normally go better
with a more professional look and if
you're in a suit your socks should be
long enough to cover your ankles
dandruff on clothes
when people see dandruff flakes on your
shoulders the only thing they want to do
is keep their distance
it is pretty off-putting definitely not
a good look and quite a humiliating
condition to have what to do
having dandruff is a sign that
something's not right health-wise
perhaps your scalp is too dry or you
might have a vitamin deficiency a hair
and scalp specialist aka trichologist
can help you figure out the root of the
problem until then avoid wearing dark
colored tops too many accessories going
OTT with a jewelry
especially in combination with bright
makeup can turn even a carefully planned
outfit into something awkward
do you agree there can be too much of a
good thing when it comes to accessories
hit the thumbs up button to let us know
what to do the great Coco Chanel once
advised us to remove the accessory that
we put on last before leaving the house
after all this is usually the one that
turns out to be excessive an unkempt
beard beards are like makeup for men
they can highlight their best features
and perfectly hide their flaws however
this only works if facial hair is neat
and well-groomed
a scruffy unkempt beard gets dangerously
close into hobo territory not to mention
sometimes food gets stuck in it what to
do
style your beard according to your face
shape for example if you have a round
face you should keep a longer beard
because it visually lengthens your face
a beard with fuller sides flatters a
rectangular face making it appear wider
and a triangular face looks better with
a shorter cropped beard
major Baird shaping should be done in a
barber shop in the future you can
maintain a shape yourself by using a
trimmer saggy pins a picture is worth a
thousand words in this case and this is
exactly why you shouldn't wear jeans or
pants that sag on you it looks
especially bad in combination with poor
posture what to do buy jeans that fit
you and avoid styles with a
significantly low waistline to work on
your posture try to imagine a time when
someone poured a glass of cold water
down your back that'll straighten your
spine out bad makeup flaky mascara cakey
foundation cracked lipstick badly drawn
browse the list of makeup mishaps just
goes on and on
if you don't apply it correctly or touch
it up throughout the day your makeup can
make you look older and tired what to do
if your makeup is beyond anything that a
touch-up can fix it's better to just
wash it off and if you want to prevent
any flaky cakey mess in the future use
good quality products they tend to last
longer primers and setting sprays are
also great for extending the wear of
your makeup
the little things like they say the
Devils in the details
lipstick or food on your teeth a small
hole in your dress smudges on your
glasses all this seemingly minor stuff
is actually quickly and easily noticed
by people we just met and it definitely
doesn't give a good impression what to
do a simple rule will help you avoid
these missteps before leaving the house
take a few minutes to critically examine
yourself in the mirror the same should
be done after drinking coffee or having
a bite to eat what things about other
people's appearance do you find the most
unattractive let's discuss it in the
comment section below
subscribe to our channel if you haven't
done so yet and stay with us on the
bright side
[Music]